README.md, before:

# PROJECT: Calculator_React
The BookStore is a React-Redux project, build according to asked functional and technical requirements.
In this application the user is able to add new books or delete them, he has also an access to a list of existed books which is able to be filtred by some categories. 
![screenshot](./bookstore.png)

> This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://book-store-oth-sum.herokuapp.com/).

## Built With

- Node.js
- React
- React-DOM
- React-Create-App
- Redux
- npm
- CSS
- ES6
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

1. Git.
2. Code editor.
3. Code linter.

## How to run the program

1. Open the terminal.

2. Enter `git clone https://github.com/othman-19/bookStore-react-redux`.

3. Navigate to the cloned repository.

4. In the terminal cd into bookStore-react-redux.

5. Run `npm install` in your terminal.

6. Run `npm run start` in your termianl.

7. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Author(s)

[Othamane Naamani](https://github.com/othman-19/).
[Sumaer jolly](https://github.com/sumaerjolly/).

## Contact

[Othmane Namani](https://github.com/othman-19/).  
[Email: othmanenaamani@gmail.com](mailto:othmanenaamani@gmail.com).  
[Portfilio](https://othman-19.github.io/my_portfolio/).  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/othman-namani/).  
[twitter](https://twitter.com/ONaamani).  
[DEV Community](https://dev.to/othman).  
[Angel List](https://angel.co/othmane-namani).  


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Commit message:

updating the readme file by adding application features and feature features

README.md, after:

# PROJECT: Calculator_React
The BookStore is a React-Redux project, build according to asked functional and technical requirements.
In this application the user is able to add new books or delete them, he has also an access to a list of existed books which is able to be filtred by some categories. The Application state is managed separately from components with Redux.
![screenshot](./bookstore.png)

> This project is part of a series of projects to be completed by students of [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/ 'The Global School for Remote Software Developers!').

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://book-store-oth-sum.herokuapp.com/).

## Built With

- Node.js
- React
- React-DOM
- React-Create-App
- Redux
- npm
- CSS
- ES6
## Features
- The user is able to add new books or delete them.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
- The user has an access to a list of existed books which is able to be filtred by some categories with a dropdown menu.

## Future Features
- Implmenting the user authentication feature.
- Add a back-end Api that stores the data permanently.
- Add mobile and teblet versions.,
- Add percentage circles for the user reading progress for every book.

### Prerequisites

1. Git.
2. Code editor.
3. Code linter.

## How to run the program

1. Open the terminal.

2. Enter `git clone https://github.com/othman-19/bookStore-react-redux`.

3. Navigate to the cloned repository.

4. In the terminal cd into bookStore-react-redux.

5. Run `npm install` in your terminal.

6. Run `npm run start` in your termianl.

7. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Author(s)

[Othamane Naamani](https://github.com/othman-19/).
[Sumaer jolly](https://github.com/sumaerjolly/).

## Contact

[Othmane Namani](https://github.com/othman-19/).  
[Email: othmanenaamani@gmail.com](mailto:othmanenaamani@gmail.com).  
[Portfilio](https://othman-19.github.io/my_portfolio/).  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/othman-namani/).  
[twitter](https://twitter.com/ONaamani).  
[DEV Community](https://dev.to/othman).  
[Angel List](https://angel.co/othmane-namani).  


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
